(doc) Add documentation about caching functionality (#727)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/choco/features/http-caching.md

When you launch Chocolatey CLI in a non-elevated context, the HTTP cache will be read and stored underneath your user profile. This location will look similar to `C:\Users\<USERNAME>\.chocolatey\http-cache` (**replace `<USERNAME>` with your logged in username**).

These two locations are entirely separate, and launching in an elevated context will not read the cache stored for non-elevated executions. Non-elevated executions will not read the cache from elevated executions.

## HTTP Cache Expiration

> :choco-warning: **WARNING**
>
> The time before HTTP cache expiration is likely to be changed in the future.

Any created HTTP cache will be valid for 30 minutes. After this time has passed, any new requests made for the cached items will reach out to the appropriate feeds again and replace the expired cache with the new response.

It is important to note that Chocolatey CLI will not remove any caches, but rather a request to the cached call replaces it.

### What To Do if Experiencing Problems With Caching / Force Up To Date Requests

> It is necessary to make manual changes if you are experiencing problems with the caching solution or want to force Chocolatey CLI to get the latest up-to-date information.
> 
> It is required to delete the HTTP Cache directories manually. See [Locations for HTTP Cache](#locations-for-http-cache) for information about these locations.

Reviewer: Phrasing here I think could be a little better. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
If you are experiencing problems with the caching solution or want to force Chocolatey CLI to get the latest up-to-date information, you will need to delete the cached data manually. Refer to [Locations for HTTP Cache](#locations-for-http-cache) to find the appropriate cache location for your use case. Removing all files in these locations will clear the cached data and prompt Chocolatey CLI to reach out to the appropriate feeds when it next needs that data.
```

Author: I have updated this with a small change that reads clearer to me.

> :choco-info: **NOTE**
>

> > We expect to add alternative methods to skip, ignore or clear the cache directories through Chocolatey CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We expect to add alternative methods to skip, ignore or clear the cache directories through Chocolatey CLI in a future version.

```

Author: I was not too fond of that exact wording, but I have updated it to an alternative.
